

--- Page 1 ---

the soonest possible time, one has to memorize the fundamentals of 'Amant' (These are the six tenets, principles of iman, explained in the chapter "Essentials of Iman", p 26) in the following statement and learn precisely their meaning and the necessary Islamic teachings: "Amantu bi'llahi wa malaikatihi wa Kutubihi wa Rusulihi wa 'l-yawmi 'l-akhiri wa bi 'l-qadari khairihi wa sharrihi min-Allahi Taala wa 'l-ba'thu ba'd al-mawt, haqqun ash-hadu an la ilaha ill-Allah wa ash-hadu anna Muhammadan abduhu wa Rasuluhu." Also, if a Muslim child does not learn these six tenets and Islamic teachings and does not say that she or he believes them, she or he becomes an apostate at the age of discretion and puberty. After (learning and believing them and thereby) attaining iman, it immediately becomes fard for he or she to inquire and learn Islamic teachings, that is, the commandments (fards) and prohibitions (harams), how to perform ablutions (wudu and ghusl) and ritual prayers (salat), and how to cover his or her awrat (intimate) body parts. When one asks a person (about these teachings), it becomes fard for that person to teach them or to advise a true Islamic book. In the case where there is no one to ask or no true book is found, it becomes fard for oneself to search. One becomes a disbeliever if searching is not done. Until finding, it is an excuse (udhr) not to know these teachings. A Muslim who does not perform acts of fard within their prescribed times and/or commits haram will be subjected to torture in Hell. This work contains detailed information on the six tenets of iman. Every Muslim should read this book well and do their best to get their children and all their acquaintances to read it.

In the text, meanings of ayats are given as maal (meaning as reported by the scholars of tafsir, science of explanation of the Quran al-Karim); meanings of ayats were understood only by Rasulullah (sall-Allahu alaihi wa sallam) who, in hadiths, taught these meanings to his Sahaba. The scholars of tafsir differentiated these hadiths from false ones fabricated by those, so-called men of religion without a madhhab (non-madhhabi, la-madhhabi), that is, munafigs and zindiqs who had sold themselves out to the British disbelievers. In the case that they could not find any hadiths, they themselves gave meanings to those ayats by applying (in appearance) the science of tafsir. What is understood by those who speak Arabic but are unlearned in Islamic sciences and have no knowledge of tafsir is not called the tafsir of the Quran al-Karim. In fact, a hadith sharif says: "A person who gives meanings to the Quran al-Karim according to their own understanding becomes a disbeliever."

--- Page 2 ---

INTRODUCTION

[For a blessed and beautiful beginning, Mawlana Khalid al-Baghdadi (quddisa sirruh) commenced his book by quoting the 17th letter in the third volume of Maktubat by al-Imam ar-Rabbani Ahmad al-Faruqi as-Sirhindi (rahmatullahi alaih, d. 1624/1034) who had written as follows in that letter]

I begin my letter with the Basmala. Infinite glory and gratitude be to Allahu Taala who bestowed upon us all kinds of favors and honored us by making us Muslims and valued us by making us the Umma of Muhammad (sall-Allahu Taala alaihi wa sallam), which is the highest blessing.

We should meditate and realize that Allahu Taala alone sends every favor upon everybody. He alone creates everything, He alone is the One who keeps every being in existence every moment. Superior and good qualities of men are all His blessings and favors. Our life, reason, knowledge, strength, senses of seeing and hearing and speech are all from Him. He always is the One who sends innumerable blessings and favors. He is the One who rescues human beings from trouble and distress, Who accepts prayers and keeps away grief and disaster. Only He creates all nourishment and causes them to reach us. Allahu Taala’s blessing is so bountiful that He does not cut off the nourishment of those who commit sins. His covering sins is so great that He does not disgrace, degrade nor tear off the honesty veil of those who disobey the commands or abstain from the prohibitions. Being so forgiving, so merciful, He does not hurry in punishing those who deserve punishment and torture (adhab). Allahu Taala spreads blessings and favors both upon those whom He likes and those who are enemies, nothing is spared from anybody. The highest, the most valuable of benefaction is His showing us the right path to happiness and salvation, encouraging us not to go astray but rather to go to Paradise. Allahu Taala commands us to adapt ourselves to our beloved Prophet (sall-Allahu Taala alaihi wa sallam) in order that we may attain all the infinite blessings, endless and inexhaustible pleasures in Paradise, and to attain His grace and love. So, His blessings are as obvious as the sun. The favors which come from others, in fact, come from Him. Allahu Taala, again, is the One who makes others intermediaries and gives wish, power and strength to do favors. For this reason, He is always the One Who sends all blessings that come through all places and through all people. To expect favors from anybody except Allahu Taala is

--- Page 3 ---

1) Teachings that must be believed by heart, called usul ad-din or teachings of iman. In short, iman means to believe the six tenets taught by Muhammad (alaihi-salam), to accept Islam and to avoid saying and using signs of disbelief (kufr). Every Muslim must learn the signs of disbelief and avoid using them. A person with iman is called a Muslim.

2) Teachings of ritual practices that must be performed, and those things that must not be done, by body and by heart. Teachings that have to be performed are called fard, and those things which are ordered to be avoided are called haram. These teachings are called furu ad-din or al-ahkam al-Islamiyya or Islamic teachings.

[What is initially necessary for every person to do is to say the kalimat at-tawhid and to believe its meaning. The kalimat at-tawhid is: “La ilaha ila Allah, Muhammadun Rasulullah,” and it means: “Allahu Taala exists and is One. Muhammad (alaihi-salam) is His Prophet.” To believe this fact means to “have iman,” and to “become a Muslim.” A person who has iman is called a ‘Mumin (Believer) and a ‘Muslim’. Iman has to be continuous. Therefore, it is necessary to avoid doing acts that cause disbelief and using things that symbolize disbelief.

The Quran al-Karim is the Kalam al-Ilahi (Divine Speech, Word of Allahu Taala). Allahu Taala sent the Quran al-Karim to Muhammad (alaihi-salam) through an angel named Jebrail (Gabriel, alaihi-salam). The words in the Quran al-Karim are in the Arabic language, and they descended in ayats (verses), letters and words arranged together by Allahu Taala. The meanings carried by these letters and words convey the Kalam al-Ilahi. These letters and words are called the Quran al-Karim. The meanings that disclose the Kalam al-Ilahi are the Quran al-Karim as well. This Quran al-Karim, which is the Kalam al-Ilahi, is not a creature. It is eternal and everlasting, like the other Attributes of Allahu Taala. Once every year, Jebrail (alaihi-salam) would visit to recite, in the same order as they had been recorded in the Lawh al-mahfudh (where all matters have been inscribed, in Paradise), the part of the Quran al-Karim that had already been revealed, and our Prophet would repeat it. In the year when he was about to honor the Hereafter, Jebrail (alaihi-salam) visited twice, reciting the entire Quran al-Karim. Our blessed Prophet and most of the Sahaba had memorized the Quran al-Karim wholly. In the year when he honored the Hereafter with his blessed being, Abu Bakr as-Siddiq, the Caliph, brought together those who had memorized